Core Java Developer (DB2)
Enterprise Engineering,  New York, NY

Core Java, DB2, OOP/OOD, Banking/Financial Services
Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2
Depends On Experience
Telecommuting not available Travel not required

Job Description

Enterprise Engineering, Inc. is an established, reliable technology provider delivering robust, scaleable financial services solutions.

Project will initially start as a part time engagement (2-3 days a week) for 2 months and then full time

EEI is looking for an experienced Core Java Developer with DB2 database experience (MUST HAVE).

Candidate MUST be local to the NY/NJ area - immediate in-person interview required

Required Skills/Experience:

Minimum 7 Years of experience with Core JAVA programming
Financial Industry Background
DB2
SQL Server
UNIX / LINUX
Experience with Multi-threading
Banking and/or financial services background a MUST
***Salary commensurate with experience.

Please feel free to visit our website at www.joineei.com.

Gentlemen:

I am respectfully applying for the position of Core Java Developer (DB2) that is posted on Dice. I just concluded a project at a customer site in the insurance industry as Java/ SQL Developer with DB2 and I am available.

I am an Electrical Engineer with a Master in Business Administration. I was a manager at Citibank before migrating to the United States where I have primarily consulted as a Java/J2ee developer though I have gone into various scripting languages and frameworks for web-development.

I have participated in the development and conversion of loans in the banking industry, insurance brokerage accounting systems, and various reporting systems and developed enhancements to existing modules, as well as, full blown web and applications from the ground. I have also developed interfaces to the reporting systems required by internal, local and regulatory agencies.

I have worked in various areas of the Java technology stack: back-end, middle-tier and the front-end using various frameworks, databases and scripting technologies. I constantly continue to keep abreast with the fast evolving developments in the area of web development, languages, servers and databases and will bring these experiences onto the job.

Thank you for considering me for the position.

Steve

Stephen S Andaya
Cell: (203) 435-5765

