Java Tech Lead
Informatic Technologies,  Windsor, CT

Java, J2EE, Oracle, PL/SQL, TomCat, REST web services, Angular JS
Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, 24 months
Depends On Experience
Telecommuting not available Travel not required

Job Description

Role: Java Tech Lead -URGENT

Location: Windsor/Hartford, CT w/ travel to locations near Boston, MA

Duration: 2 years+

Interview Process: Skype, Telephonic & F2F Mandatory

Java, J2EE, Oracle, PL/SQL, TomCat, REST web services, Angular JS

Responsibilities:

Client-facing Java Technical Lead responsible for managing and leading the development team and implementation of Java based web application.

Key responsibilities will include:

Planning, analyzing and defining solutions through business, functional and technical expertise
Interacting with IT and business stakeholders to present solutions, cost estimates, and delivery schedules
Leading development team to analyze, design, and implement enterprise-wide Java based systems.
Overseeing the creation, execution and documentation of tests.
Assisting program/project management by recommending efforts in defining characteristics, capabilities, inputs, outputs, and results necessary to describe the required functionality for the system
Responding to inquiries concerning application development and support
Assists in tracking the progress of the development with accountability to the project manager and client management to ensure established goals are met and ensure on-time delivery.
Required Skills:

7 to 8 years of IT experience a must
Java/J2EE Framework development and design experience using Angular JS and GWT, Spring, JNDI, XML, XSLT, RMI, and JDBC, Junit, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, and Hibernate
Experience with REST web services
Experienced with TomCat appserver
Possess in-depth knowledge of ORM solutions and experience with Oracle, SQL / PL-SQL
Familiarity with writing stored procedures and ad hoc SQL queries
Must possess good leadership skills and have ability to lead a team of 3-4 developers
Send resumes to Azaad Babu at Click here to Apply or call +1(732)-292-4493 for more details.

Dear Sir,
I have just concluded a contractual engagement with Cigna and I'm respectfully applying for the position of Java Developer as advertised on Dice.

I'm basically a Java/J2ee developer with experiences on the back-end, middle-tier, and the front-end, and as such, I have used various technologies related thereto. During my stint in Cigna I was likewise exposed to Hadoop,Scala, Go and .Net. I have used most of the skill sets mentioned in the requirements for the job in my previous engagements and I strongly feel that I am a good match for the job as can be gleaned from my resume.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Thank you for your kind consideration.

Sincerely,
Steve

Stephen Andaya
(203)435-5765
ssandaya@yahoo.com


