Java Developer

Naugatuck


Job description

If you like to work in a team creating software for internal customers in an agile environment, you should consider this position. We work with modern technologies and use state of the art communication tools to collaborate with our international teams.

Your tasks and responsibilities

Create mission-critical Java applications
Develop both Web, Mobile and Desktop applications
Help to define the development process
Be part of a learning and growing agile development team
Be creative, think out of the box
Your skills and experience

Bachelors’ degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related field
At least 3 years of working experience in Development
Experience working in agile projects is a plus
Knowledge of current development tools and technologies
Key Competencies

Java Development
Good communication skills - verbal and written
Problem analysis and problem solving
Customer orientation
Teamwork
Good reasons to join

We offer competitive compensation, a comprehensive benefits package, employee discounts, tuition reimbursement, excellent training programs and a highly dynamic global work environment.

Contact

Kuehne + Nagel Inc - New York - Head Office
10 Exchange Place
Jersey City, NJ 07302-3920

With over 68,000 employees at some 1,200 locations in over 100 countries, the Kuehne + Nagel Group is one of the world’s leading logistics companies. Its strong market position lies in the seafreight, airfreight, contract logistics and overland businesses, with a clear focus on high value-added segments such as IT-based integrated logistics solutions.


Learn more >>
kncareers.com


Reference Number: req18607

Kuehne + Nagel Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sexual orientation, sex, age, national origin, gender, gender identity, genetic information, uniform service, protected veteran status or disability, or any characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law with respect to employment opportunities.

Dear Sir,
I have just concluded a contractual engagement with Cigna and I'm respectfully applying for the position of Java Developer as advertised on Dice.

I'm basically a Java/J2ee developer with experiences on the back-end, middle-tier, and the front-end, and as such, I have used various technologies related thereto. During my stint in Cigna I was likewise exposed to Hadoop,Scala, Go and .Net. I have used most of the skill sets mentioned in the requirements for the job in my previous engagements and I strongly feel that I am a good match for the job as can be gleaned from my resume.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Thank you for your kind consideration.

Sincerely,
Steve

Stephen Andaya
(203)435-5765
ssandaya@yahoo.com