Linium,  Springfield, MA
Java Developer with EXT JS v5 Experience

Change Management, Developer, Development, J2EE, Java, JavaScript, jQuery, Management, Oracle, Source Code
Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2
Telecommuting not available Travel not required

Job Description



JAVA Developer

The consultant will actively participate on the team responsible for development of all external/internal web related software and applications. In this role, the consultant will be required to:

Perform software development in JAVA, Javascript, Spring and J2EE Technologies
Participate in team meetings to develop an understanding of the web environment.
Make changes in related software specifications
Assist with the development of test conditions and scenarios.
Learn and use the IT Change Management tool to enter software improvement requests (SIR) and software problem reports (SPR), and to track and coordinate their resolution.

Required Skill Sets

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or the equivalent
Technical Skills:
Senior level experience (4 to 5 years) in JavaScript and hands on experience with Javascript Frameworks such as Ext JS version 5, jQuery etc.
2 to 3 years of experience in JAVA is required
Experience with JEE, Spring desired
Experience with maven and ant builds
Experience working with data in relational databases
Ability to work in a team environment, and also to complete tasks independently.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
Ability to work under demanding time constraints.

Desirable Skill Sets

Experience with Oracle
Familiarity with CVS source code management tool

Department: IT

Dear Sir,
I have just concluded a contractual engagement with Cigna and I'm respectfully applying for the position of Java Developer as advertised on Dice.

I'm basically a Java/J2ee developer with experiences on the back-end, middle-tier, and the front-end, and as such, I have used various technologies related thereto. During my stint in Cigna I was likewise exposed to Hadoop,Scala, Go and .Net. I had used the early version of ExtJS while at Pfizer but I sshould be able to adjust to the latest version quite easily. I have used a number of frameworks and tools in my career and I strongly feel that I am a good match for the job as can be gleaned from my resume.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Thank you for your kind consideration.

Sincerely,
Steve

Stephen Andaya
(203)435-5765
ssandaya@yahoo.com