Java Developer
SecureRF Corporation - Shelton, CT
SecureRF is developing the next generation of post-quantum security solutions for the Internet of Things and is looking a Java Developer to become a key member of our team. The market is already recognizing our effort and we were recently named one of "The Top 10 Most Influential Internet of Things (IoT) Companies" and one of SINET's "Top 16 Emerging Cybersecurity Companies." Our breakthroughs in authentication and data protection are being applied to wireless sensors, NFC, BLE and used by our partners in Silicon Valley to protect microcontrollers, FPGAs, SoCs, ASICs, and more.
Summary: We are looking to add a well-rounded Software Developer with a strong background in Java. This person will report to the VP of Development and contribute toward bringing the firm's security products and cryptography protocols to market. The Software Developer will design, code, and test software for mobile, desktop and web-based systems in both Windows and Linux environments.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Participate in product definition activities including feature analysis, user interface, and system tradeoffs
Help create product design requirements and test plans
Design and develop software in Java for web, desktop, and Android mobile applications
Create and implement database schemas where required; help administer PostgreSQL database
Configure, maintain, and administer Tomcat servers in the cloud
Requirements: (education, training, skills etc.)

Bachelor of Science or above in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Engineering or Math from a four-year college or university, or equivalent education/experience
Relevant experience and/or training in the Java programming language
Experience in software development for Android and web applications
Experience with AngularJS, Bootstrap, Tomcat, PostgreSQL, and JavaFX desirable
Experience with Bluetooth and NFC protocols and RESTful APIs helpful
Good oral and written communication skills
Must work in a minimum supervision environment, alone or within a team
You must be authorized to work in the United States.
Due to our customers and the cryptographic nature of our work, our technical positions require that you be eligible to obtain United States Security Clearance. During the clearance application process the U.S. State Department does a thorough background check and looks for loyalty to the United States (unless an extraordinary situation, this is shown by being a U.S. citizen). See http://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm for more details.
SecureRF is an equal opportunity employer located in Shelton, CT. The office complex has exercise facilities, restaurants, farmer's market, daycare and more. We offer benefits to full time employees which include paid time off and holidays, health insurance and a 401K retirement plan.As a key employee, you will be eligible to participate in our Employee Stock Option Plan, and we invest in training to keep your skills current.To learn about the company more visit www.SecureRF.com.
Apply: If you are interested in applying to SecureRF, please submit your resume and cover letter.EOE. No Recruiters please.

Job Type: Full-time

Required education:

Bachelor's
Required license or certification:

Are you eligible to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance (see posting for US citizenship details).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Sir:
I’m applying for the position of Java Developer.

I’ve been developing software for over 10 years with small, medium and large companies using various software tools and various frameworks and architectures. I am constantly learning and I continually update myself with emerging technologies but I am basically a Java developer since I’ve done most of my engagements with it.  I have since learned and applied other languages and tools depending on the requirements of the task on hand.

Attached please find my resume.

Truly yours,
Steve

Stephen S Andaya
(203) 435-5765

------------------------------------------------------------------------------