Big Data Software Engineer
Local Consulting Teams | Shelton, CT

120 billion unique polygons analyzed. 1.5 trillion data points stored. 9 PB of data ingested. 250 servers working in parallel. That’s just a glimpse of the kind of successes you will have at Sila working in our Big Data practice.

As a Big Data Software Engineer with Sila, you will have the opportunity to make a significant impact, both to our organization and those of our Fortune 500 clients. You will work directly with clients at the intersection of business and technology. You will leverage your experience with Hadoop and software engineering to help our clients use insights gleaned from their data to drive value.

You will also be given substantial opportunities to develop and expand your technical skillset with emerging Big Data technologies so you can continually innovate, learn, and hit the gas pedal on your career.


The Work

Design, develop, and implement Hadoop-based big data solutions
Work directly with clients to achieve their business goals
Research, evaluate, and deploy new tools, frameworks and patterns to build sustainable Big Data platforms for our clients
Identify gaps and opportunities for improvement of existing solutions
Define and develop APIs for integration with various data sources in the enterprise
Be an active hands-on team member, collaborating with other developers and architects in developing client solutions

Your Qualifications

2+ years of hands-on large-scale software development / integration experience using Java/JEE technologies
At least one project engagement with experience using the technologies in the Hadoop ecosystem such as: Hadoop, HDFS, Spark, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Flume, Sqoop, Cloudera Impala, Zookeeper, Oozie, Hue, Kafka
Experience applying interpersonal abilities to client-facing systems implementation projects
Exposure with search systems (Lucene, Solr, ElasticSearch)
Exposure to high availability configurations, Hadoop cluster connectivity and tuning and Hadoop security configurations
Good understanding of relational databases and solid SQL skills
Good understanding of Operating Systems (Unix/Linux), Networks and System Administration experience
Interest in learning and contributing to the learning of others through contributions to open source projects and mentoring of junior resources
BS/MS in Computer Science or related field
Intellectually curious, reliable, and flexible team player
Passionate about delivering quality

The Company

Sila is an execution-oriented management and technology consulting firm. Our highly trained team of experts draw upon years of experience that offer informed, creative, and transformative solutions across a variety of mission critical domains, driving businesses forward. Whether working with a Fortune 500 company or a Federal customer, we bring business and IT stakeholders together to deliver quality services and solutions that serve complex, dynamic needs and drive long term success. Sila has an established a national footprint with offices in Washington, D.C., Seattle, Chicago and NYC/CT.

We are looking for full-time employees to become an integral part of our growing team.  Sila offers a range of great benefits including job stability, a comprehensive healthcare package, 401K with matching, paid time off, and paid company holidays, as well as other unique benefits that support our staff’s active work/life balance.

Apply


Dear Sir,
I have just concluded a contractual engagement with Cigna and I'm respectfully applying for the position of Big Data Software Engineer.

At Cigna, I developed reports in Tableau, Looker and Excel with DB2, Teradata and SAS on the back-end. I likewise, migrated data from Teradata to a Hadoop-Cloudera cluster using the associated tools to create proof of concept reports in Tablea and Looker.

I'm basically a Java/J2ee developer with experiences on the back-end, middle-tier, and the front-end, and as such, I have used various technologies related thereto. I'm constantly learning and I would like to be more engaged with Big Data and the associated technologies surrounding it.

I look forward to hearing from you.


Sincerely,
Steve

Stephen Andaya
(203)435-5765
ssandaya@yahoo.com

