Java Developer
Sonsoft Inc - Hartford, CT
Job Description

Need Java Developer with MarkLogic & XQuery must.
Knowledge of HADOOP Framework and programming in Hive and Pig tools, Design, Best Practices and troubleshooting
Understanding of Unix/Linux system, file systems, shell scripting
Experience with design and implementation of ETL/ELT framework for complex warehouses/marts
Hands-on development mentality, with a willingness to troubleshoot and solve complex problems
Ability to work in team in diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment
Experience in Financial domain
Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
At least 4 years of experience with Information Technology.
At least 4 years of experience with DW/BI and related tools, understanding of HADOOP Framework, Hive , Pig and NoSQL.
At least 4 years of experience in Software development life cycle.
At least 3 years of experience in technology consulting, enterprise and solutions architecture and architectural frameworks.
At least 2 years of experience in Design and Architecture review.
At least 3 years of experience in Project life cycle activities on DW/BI development and maintenance projects.
At least 2 years of experience in DW/BI related technologies and HADOOP Framework and Hive and Pig tools - MUST.
At least 2 years of hands on experience in Design, Development & Build activities in HADOOP Framework Projects.

Additional Information

** U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply . We are unable to sponsor at this time.
Note: -
This is a Full-Time Permanent job opportunity for you.
Only US Citizen, Green Card Holder, TN Visa, GC-EAD , H4-EAD & L2-EAD can apply.
No OPT-EAD & H1B Consultants please.

Please mention your Visa Status in your email or resume .
4 days ago

Dear Sir,
I am a US citizen and I have just concluded a contractual engagement with Cigna and I'm respectfully applying for the position of Java Developer  as advertised on Dice.

At Cigna, I had worked with Hadoop-Cloudera with it's associated tools such as Hive and Pig. My task at Cigna was primarily to create reporting dashboards in Tableau, Looker and Excel with Teradata, DB2 and SAS but I had learned NoSql on my own prior to this engagement. I'm experienced on the back-end, middle-tier, and the front-end, and as such, I have used various technologies related thereto.

I’ve been developing software for over 10 years with small, medium and large companies using various software tools, frameworks and architectures. I am constantly learning and I continually update myself with emerging technologies.  I have since learned and applied other languages and tools depending on the requirements of the task on hand.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Thank you for your kind consideration.

Sincerely,
Steve

Stephen Andaya
(203)435-5765
ssandaya@yahoo.com

