Talus Partners,  Hartford, CT
Java Developer


java, jsf, jsp, jquery, javascript, jpa, css, html
C2H W2, 6 Mo. RTH
Depends On Experience
Telecommuting not available Travel not required
Job Description

Java Developer

Location: Hartford, CT area

Duration: 6 Month RTH

Must be able to work W2. No agencies please.

Job Description:

The Java Developer will be working as a member of team developing various Personal Lines Insurance applications. This position requires excellent web development skills and technical acumen, attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.

Work closely with development team, BA’s, PM’s, QA Test Leads, and Architects to develop complex multi-layered enterprise applications in a multi-vendor environment.
Conduct code reviews, perform code migrations, provide application reporting & monitoring, and develop technical documentation.
Participate in reviews of architectural designs, requirements, test cases.
Debug & troubleshoot defects, assist in performance analysis, and provide innovative ideas & process optimization solutions.
Qualifications:

At least 3-5+ years of experience developing web-based Java/J2EE applications using Agile/Waterfall methodologies.
Strong understanding of Object Oriented design and methodologies
Experience working on development teams for large web-based front-end applications.
Must have hands-on experience and strong technical skills in web development technologies including: Java/J2EE, JSF, JSP, Servlets, SOAP Web Services, XML, XSD, JavaScript, jQuery, ECMAScript, AJAX, CSS, HTML5, Web Content Management tools; and database technologies such as: Oracle, SQL, ORM, JPA, and Coherence.
Experience with .Net Framework is a plus.
Experience with Kana or Ciboodle is a plus.
Strong communication, analytical and problem solving skills.
Background in the Property & Casualty industry is a plus.
Bachelor's degree is required.


Dear Sir,
I have just concluded a contractual engagement with Cigna and I'm respectfully applying for the position of Java Developer as advertised on Dice.

I'm basically a Java/J2ee developer with experiences on the back-end, middle-tier, and the front-end, and as such, I have used various technologies related thereto. During my stint in Cigna I was likewise exposed to Hadoop,Scala, Go and .Net. I have used most of the skill sets mentioned in the requirements for the job in my previous engagements and I strongly feel that I am a good match for the job as can be gleaned from my resume.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Thank you for your kind consideration.

Sincerely,
Steve

Stephen Andaya
(203)435-5765
ssandaya@yahoo.com

10/7 Responded to email:
beckyb@taluspartners.com
Becky Brainerd, Senior Staffing Associate
Talus Partners, LLC
Woman Business Enterprise (WBE) Certified
860-413-9454 Direct Line
860-202-6603 Cell
860-678-4410 Office