Senior Software Engineer
Top Research Firm - Darien, CT
Experience in advanced analytics, machine learning, and other mathematical and programmatic techniques to solve business problems and generate value from data. Responsible for presenting analysis and project results to leadership and key decision makers within the organization. Detailed DescriptionWith the use of scientific methods; designs, develops, and analyzes models and algorithms to solve business problems.
Applies advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques to build, maintain, and improve decision support systems. Actively works with project teams and business partners to understand business requirements and translate those requirements into new solutions.Works with project teams to understand business requirements that impact the design and development of proposed solutions. Continually enhance the advanced analytics program by staying up to date on the latest data science, advanced analytics, and big data trends.
Required Skills

Java: You will need to have strong object-oriented design and development skills and advanced knowledge of core Java or similar programming languages. Knowledge and experience with third party libraries, frameworks, and technologies is a plus.
Database: You will need to have strong SQL composition skills. Knowledge of big data and NoSql databases is a plus! We not only write software that collects and queries data, but we also compose queries for investigation and analysis. We collect a lot of data in real time from our applications and being able to compose ad hoc queries is necessary to develop and support our products.
Analysis & Problem Solving: You will need to understand our codebase and systems and the business requirements they implement so you can effectively make changes to our applications and investigate issues.
Communication: Whether via face-to-face discussion, phone, email, chat, white-boarding, or other collaboration platforms, you must be an effective communicator who can inform, explain, enable, teach, persuade, coordinate, etc.
Team Collaboration: You must be able to effectively collaborate and share ownership of your team's codebase and applications. You must be willing to fully engage in team efforts, speak up for what you think are the best solutions, and be able to converse respectfully and compromise when necessary.
Knowledge and Experience: A well-rounded software engineer will have broad and/or deep knowledge of various topics, tools, frameworks, and methodologies related to software engineering. None are required, but the more you can bring, the better. Here are some examples:
Webservices and API development
Startup and e-commerce experience
Spring frameworks
Git and Gitflow
Big Data solutions such as Cassandra, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Elastic Search and Solr
Hands-on with high capacity and low latency systems
Continuous integration and automated testing
Agile/Scrum
Open source projects
Server-side Javascript, Node.js
Required Experience:

A 4-year degree in Computer Science (or related field). Graduate degree helpful.
At least 1 year of work experience in Software Engineering and development.
Job Type: Full-time

Required education:

Bachelor's
Required experience:

Software Engineering: 2 years

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Sir:
I’m applying for the position of Java Developer.

I’ve been developing software for over 10 years with small, medium and large companies using various software tools and various frameworks and architectures. I am constantly learning and I continually update myself with emerging technologies but I am basically a Java developer since I’ve done most of my engagements with it.  I have since learned and applied other languages and tools depending on the requirements of the task on hand.

Attached please find my resume.

Truly yours,
Steve

Stephen S Andaya
(203) 435-5765
------------------------------------------------------------------------

